greetings crocodile garni well the
holidays are finally over whether it was
pretending to be a true Christian with
your family at church all the while
fantasizing about someone really hot
standing in front of you or making
pentagrams on outdoor manger scenes with
cans of fake snow I hope you made the
best out of your Christmas holiday
personally even to the lifelong atheist
I've always enjoyed Christmas and I
don't see any reason why I should be
apologetic about it the reason for the
season has never been Christ for me and
frankly it hasn't had much to do with
his arch-nemesis Santa either since my
parents never saddled me with the fat
guy in a red suit delusion either
Christmas has always been about family
the tree decorations presents and of
course food yes I masticate all day on
Christmas mm-hmm I heard about Jesus
Freak 777s Christmas video last week and
after seeing some video responses I
decided to take a look
he had his young daughter in the car
with him and she talked about how if she
didn't like it when cashiers at stores
said Happy Holidays instead of Merry
Christmas he asked her why they did that
and she said it was so atheist wouldn't
get offended which he said was correct
at which point I almost fell off my
chair laughing no Jesus Freak maybe you
don't know that all those war on
Christmas videos that atheist make
aren't serious we're poking fun at
Christians who like to whip themselves
into a frenzy over tales of being
persecuted in the country where they're
85% of the population speaking of which
it was ironic to watch you confirm her
erroneous notion the people are saying
something she finds offensive because
easily offended atheists made them do it
we got to see firsthand how the battle
lines are drawn and Christian children
we got to see the next generation of
cultural warrior in training course
businesses don't do it because baby's
being defended they don't do anything
unless it's gonna make the money or be
more efficient painting a picture of
businesses being under attack by an
onslaught of offended atheists is a
completely laughable narrative and I
suspect that you know that your daughter
wouldn't even care at all about what the
cashiers say without being told that she
should care by you or maybe by Fox News
Happy Holidays is just an
all-encompassing term that doesn't
require the employees at your local
Walmart to do any extra thinking about
what a customer might
break while they scan the barcodes on
the Snuggies and ugly Christmas sweaters
I'm pretty sure that if you were to ask
the many atheist youtubers that you know
Jesus Freak we would tell you that we
don't care what the cashier tells us at
the store better yet why not ask the
business owners themselves why they do
it
then Jesus Freak posed a question to
atheists he wants to know why we
celebrate Christmas instead of making up
her own holiday he actually suggested
worshiping the Flying Spaghetti Monster
or Richard Dawkins well I assume that
was sort of tongue-in-cheek
I do find that funny because even in
suggesting such a thing it gives an
interesting window into the mind of a
devout Christian it's almost as if he
cannot even fathom that someone can have
a holiday where they don't worship
anything it smacks of that silly old
there are no atheists assertion he's
genuinely annoyed that we atheists are
celebrating with such gusto the
Christian holiday that they themselves
borrowed from the pagans centuries ago I
don't even know why that would bother
you Jesus Freak I know a lot of Indians
that are Hindu and they celebrate
Christmas because it's fun of course
their gods don't consign them to eternal
torture for celebrating the holidays of
others like yours might people are
celebrating your holiday so why question
the holiday spirit well everyone is in
such a good mood well almost everyone
why are you such a Grinch mojo on second
thought Jesus Freak maybe I should have
complained about Christians fighting the
bogus war on Christmas for about a month
or so we get a break from hearing the
more unpleasant Christians complaining
about gay people and telling everyone
which people are going to hell and that
the world is gonna end soon and all that
maybe it's the virtual magic of the
Christmas season - the Christ the kind
of Christmas I know and celebrate that
somehow manages to keep the ugly side of
religion at bay for a little while come
to think of it instead of atheist
creating a new holiday maybe you should
borrow the traditions of another
religion and leave Christmas to us
Christmas is way too nice a holiday for
Christianity